release: cynic-parser-v0.8.5 (#1101)
obmarg/cynic: cynic-parser/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased - xxxx-xx-xx

## v0.8.5 - 2024-11-27

### New Features

> - selection set spans on executable document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Every selection set in `ExecutableDocument` now has a span.
```

### Bug Fixes

> - expose TypeWrappersIter via `wrappers()` functions
> - make `TypeWrappersIter` clone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Type::wrappers` functions now return `TypeWrappersIter` instead of `impl Iterator`
- `TypeWrappersIter` is now `Clone`
```
